Hi, guys.
All called now in the process of registering.
Users are going to be able to pick an image.
So what you can do well there you can have a default image.
And of that default image now going to have a camera icon.
So on top of that icon, users are going to be able to pick an image.
Okay.
So now what first to do is to add the default image and on top of each other to have a camera icon.
Now to do this, I'm going to go back to you could.
Now, I want to do this before the test feed.
Right.
So it's not just us who is becoming the first side.
We can have a stack rapidly stack because I going to place a widget on top widget.
So you basically use stock to place widget on top widgets.
Okay.
So we're going to have the stack widget.
He's going to had a train to come over to get rid of that area.
Now, all this stuff we just can't take.
What if all it adds to.
She did okay.
So the first.
The first charge is going to be a circle.
A circle of water.
Okay.
Now, you can give a radius of this to four.
I think that our circle is going to be also around is going to be okay.
So we can have the background image, which is aspects it to be the network image.
Okay.
Now I'm just going to paste this Jarrell I have on my keyboard, but you can easily go to your browser
search for user transference image.
Then click on this.
Look over here.
That is the VW.
It's pg2.
Okay.
You can see the way.
Now, assuming we don't have good network, we just going to display a color.
So we're going to see how background color is going to be.
Colors that blue or you can see a black.
Okay.
So go check it out.
They can see.
We could have we have a good network, but you don't have a good network.
It's a very tight that got you know what you can do we can use pairs between this.
I decide not to do that I don't think you the space of vertically so this is going to be a size both
right size box.
Size box, it is going to be hard to write out of probably 20 ideas trying to come away from trying
to save.
Okay.
Great.
Now I have a new place for Michael VI, so to do that over.
The stock widgets after the second quarter.
They're going to have a position which is going to how we are going to place the icon or whatever I
want to place.
Okay.
Now, for the child, the child is going to be icon.
Bottom.
I can't wait to get fresh air which is going to leave this see for the icon is going to be icon which
at.
So it is going to be a cause.
The.
That's it.
This for a photo.
Okay.
I'll get you the cowboy attitude.
I get you.
Okay.
Whereby the need for the position was to tell how we are going to place that.
I can't on top of the circle of Avatar.
So are going to say that we want it to be minus two.
So it's going to be bottom.
But of those ten.
So we'll this then there's going to be left of it.
Okay.
Now, I've tried this before, so it does.
I guess I'm going with this.
Okay.
No, that's okay.
Great.
You can see the way.
Right.
So it's up of the little future I could implement this or type of this is going to probably open the.
The model so used as I was able to choose either for picking from gallery or pick you from camera.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys, see you in in this picture.